Update air gapped docs (#102)
harvester/docs: docs/airgap.md

---
sidebar_position: 20
keywords:
- Harvester
- offline
- Air-gap
- HTTP proxy
---
# Air Gapped Environment

This section is about using Harvester in an air gapped environment. An air gapped environment could be where Harvester will be installed offline, behind a firewall, or behind a proxy.

Harvester works in air gapped environment. Everything required to set up Harvester is packaged in the Harvester ISO image.

## Working Behind an HTTP Proxy

In some environments, servers or VMs running on premise can connect to external services through an HTTP(S) proxy.

### Configure an HTTP Proxy During Installation

> You can set the HTTP proxy that is used during installation. For example, you can get remote SSH keys or Harvester configuration file via the HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the HTTP(S) proxy during the [ISO installation](./install/iso-install.md) as shown in picture below:
```

Reviewer: I combined the two phrases as they were very similar.

I also removed the example as I'm not sure if it makes sense to have it here.

> For [ISO installation](./install/iso-install.md), specify the HTTP proxy in the following step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![iso-proxy](./assets/iso-proxy.png)

### Configure an HTTP Proxy in Harvester Settings

> You can set HTTP proxy in the settings page of the Harvester dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the HTTP(S) proxy in the settings page of the Harvester dashboard:
```

1. Go to the settings page of the Harvester UI.
1. Find the `http-proxy` setting, click **⋮ > Edit setting**

> 1. Input the value for `http-proxy`, `https-proxy` and `no-proxy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter the value(s) for `http-proxy`, `https-proxy` and `no-proxy`.
```

Reviewer: As this is done in the UI, a suggestion would be to add a screenshot
